Clarify the meaning of the fields for Gift Card Information block (#1414)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/product-gift-card-information.md

![]({% link images/images-ee/product-gift-card-information.png %}){: .zoom}
[_Gift Card Information_]({% link catalog/product-gift-card-create.md %})

|Field|Description|
|--- |--- |

> | Treating Balance As Store Credit | Determines if the gift card holder can repay the balance as a store credit. |
> | Validity period (days) | Defines the expiration date of the gift card in days. You can leave the field empty if you do not want to set a limit on the card's validity period, leave this field empty. |
> | Allow message | Determines the ability to enter a message for the recipient of the gift card. A gift message can be enabled for both virtual (sent by email) and physical (sent) gift cards. |
> | Email Template | Defines the email template that is used for the notification sent to the recipient of the gift card. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Treating Balance As Store Credit | Determines if the gift card holder can redeem the balance as store credit. |
| Validity period (days) | Defines the expiration date of the gift card as number of days after purchase. You can leave the field empty if you do not want the card to expire. |
| Allow message | Determines the ability of the purchaser to enter a message for the recipient of the gift card. A gift message can be enabled for both virtual (sent by email) and physical (sent) gift cards. |
| Email Template | Defines the email template that is used for the notification sent to the recipient of the gift card. |

```

Author: done ✅
